Take Joshua Coleman, for example.
When his family sold their Chicago-based telecom company for $400m in 2004, they didn’t run out and buy something extravagant.
Instead, they began seeking advice on ways to save their newfound riches and help them grow.
Even if you don’t have millions to invest, though, you can learn a thing or two about how the rich reap returns and apply it your own portfolios.
There, they are prized for their European education and background, and they are wooed with big salaries and the promise of moving quickly up the corporate ladder.
Many Spaniards who’ve made the move find themselves surprised by the mix of modernity, opportunity and comforts of home in countries like Peru, Chile and Brazil.
Angel Lopez, 26, is one of them.
The Alicante native arrived in Lima, Peru, in March, 2012, and went from an unpaid internship at Spain’s former Canal 9 TV station to a job as the head of media for a large educational company in Peru two years later.
He’s now a regular fixture in televised debates, and frequently tours Peru as a keynote speaker on issues related to advertising and marketing.
“What makes a book collectible is another matter,” he said.
It will usually be desirable to collectors because of its subject matter say, chess or ornithology; its author or illustrator, Charles Dickens or E H  Shepard; when and where it was printed; or something special about the physical book itself like its binding or its previous ownership.
In fact, sometimes later editions of rare books are “more desirable because they have additional information or illustrations,” Haley said.
The 1586 first edition of [William] Camden's Britannia has no maps but fetches £1,000 ($1,633).
The larger-format 1607 edition has 57 maps and can fetch five to 10 times the price of the first edition.
The safest bet is to shop in person at a dealer who offers a lifetime money back guarantee of authenticity, says Wade.
That way you can visually see any defects for yourself and insure against buying a fake.
Berlin is a city that never stands still.
Glassworts as a group have had a long and interesting career outside of food additives.
The name refers to several different groups of tidal plants that look a bit like tiny pickles stacked end-to-end.
One type of glasswort played a prominent role in the glass industry in England as a source for sodium oxide, or soda.
Just on their own, many glassworts are edible, and you might see them on the menu as sea beans or samphire.
Some of those proteins are soluble in water, which is why, in addition to meat, these sausages always have crushed ice as an ingredient (and it's ice, not water, because if the mixture gets too warm, the fat droplets find their way to each other and make big, unattractive islands of fat in the sausage).
Some of the proteins are only soluble in the presence of salt, however.
That means that salt is not just a flavouring – it's a key part of ensuring that the hot dog holds together.
According to property website Rightmove, house price growth in the South East now outstrips London, as buyers are forced out of the increasingly unaffordable capital.
It said the latest price data across England and Wales indicates owners asking 2.
6% more for homes in September compared to August.
Rightmove said the average asking price was now £271,669.
It said the increase was the slowest rise for this time of the year since 2008.
But it said prices are set to continue to surge in areas outside London for the coming few years, according to Rightmove.
Analysis by Rightmove and Oxford Economics forecasts that the South East will see prices increase by 37% over the coming five-year period, ahead of London at 33% and 30% across the nation.
Areas with good London-bound train links would benefit from those priced out of the capital.
Rightmove director Miles Shipside said: Those looking for price appreciation in the country should seriously consider the South East, and some may wish to fine-tune their search to the three top locations of Southampton, Brighton and Luton.
The history begins with the first picture ever taken of a building, which likely happened in the mid-1800s when photography started to take off.
Redstone’s book starts in the 21st century, and the corresponding exhibit at the Barbican in London (called Constructing Worlds: Photography and Architecture in the Modern Age) starts in the 1930s.
From early days photographers used architecture as a subject partly because of the immobile qualities that make it easy to focus on.
Then they were looking at wider social issues, using architecture as a symbol of who we are as a society.
That conscientiousness (at least, in the context of the Constructing Worlds exhibit) starts with Berenice Abbott’s images from Changing New York, which she took for the Depression-era, government-backed Federal Art Project.
Her shots during those years document the newly minted skyscrapers and high rise buildings that were quickly turning New York City into a new metropolis.
On the other side of the country, in the deep south, Walker Evans photographed the architectural artifacts of rural, usually poor, communities.
Buildings like tenant farmer homes, roadside stands, and town churches feature prominently.
He also took them during the Depression, and was actually commissioned by a New Deal agency to take some of these to help promote the government’s efforts at helping rural families.
What he did instead was documentary work: his images are an unveiled look at American life and tradition in a time of economic catastrophe.
It finally happened: Snapchat will now have ads.
Pinterest is also experimenting with advertising, as is Instagram.
All three of these companies are in the enviable position of running wildly popular online platforms, but also in the less enviable position of not having a great, obvious way to make money off of them.
 Ads seem like the most direct plan, but there’s a problem, a problem summed up by one man.
Mackenzie’s key battleground is the romantic relationship.
Incited by knowing eye contact and waged through a sensual collision of skin, these trysts end in epiphany, tragedy, and many variations in between depending on the genre.
The British auteur has experimented with the musical, coming-of-age story, period piece, and prison film, but this tonal flexibility never diminishes the consistency and power of his thematic interests.
Internal apocalypse might always be on the precipice, but it’s never rendered through anything less than a sublime lens and lyrical sense of time and place.
As the universe fades to black (either figuratively or quite literally), the process of becoming someone new remains poetic.
Labour’s mansion tax will have to be paid immediately by anyone earning over £42,000, Ed Balls announced today.
Owners of properties worth over £2m who earn less than £42,000 will still have to pay the tax but will be able to defer payment until they transfer ownership of the property.
Plans to defer payment have been compared to a “death tax”.
The shadow chancellor made the announcement in an effort to persuade doubters that the policy will not be unfair on “asset-rich, cash-poor” homeowners.
The confirmation came as the palace confirmed that the duchess would be making her first public appearance in 11 weeks tomorrow, even though she is still suffering from acute morning sickness.
The London Film Festival rolled up the red carpet behind Brad Pitt and his Fury last night, after 12 days and 248 films which provided a cultural summary of the year in cinema — and a throw forward to the hot tips for the Oscars.
Alan Rickman’s second film as a director, with Kate Winslet in the lead, is one of those costume dramas that cries “prestige” and promises larks.
Yet it’s a surprisingly airless affair, a tale of the court that’s a right royal disappointment.
The Texas Department of State Health said 43 people were in the clear after they had contact with Thomas Eric Duncan, who died of the disease Oct 8.
Health officials have been taking their temperature twice daily for 21 days, the longest incubation period for the virus, and said that none have developed symptoms.
Those individuals will now be taken off the watch list and will no longer need to be checked for symptoms.
His currency as a presidential contender will surely vanish if he cannot win a second term as the governor of Wisconsin.
Beside her, Priyo sleeps the sleep of the sinless.
His early-morning snore has a three-toned sound to it – a snarly growl in the inhalation, then a hissing during part of the exhalation, completed by a final high-pitched insecty whine.
She hears the scouring sound of a broom sluicing out with water some drain or courtyard.
Someone is cleaning his teeth in the bathroom of a neighboring house – there is the usual accompaniment of loud hawking, coughing and a brief, one-note retch.
A juddering car goes down Basanta Bose Road with the unmistakable sound of every loose vibrating component about to come off – a taxi.
A rickshaw cycles by, the driver relentlessly squeezing its bellows-horn.
Another starts up, as if in response.
Soon an entire fleet of rickshaws rackets past, their continuous horn shredding what little sleepiness remains of the morning.
Now she can hear other vehicles: the toot of a scooter-horn, the bell of a bicycle.
This is how this world begins every day; noise is the way it signals that it is alive, indomitable.
The sparrows send up a chinkless wall of manic cheeping.
The doleful remonstrations of the pigeons, shuffling about on windowsills, sometimes tumble over into an aggressive chorus; they have the same merciless presence.
The sound of water loops like a liquid thread through the other sounds; someone is beating their washing against the stone or concrete perimeter around a running tap.
The clatter of metal buckets; uninterrupted cawing of crows; wrangling stray dogs; a distant conch-shell being blown three times in the prayer room of a house nearby…Here, up on the first floor of 22/6 Basanta Bose Road, all sounds converge as in an amphitheater.
Had she, her husband and their daughter, Baishakhi, lived on the top floor, where her parents-in-law and their favorite son, their eldest, Adinath, and his family have their quarters, it would have been so much less noisy, she knows.
And away from the onslaught of mosquitoes, which would never have been able to ascend to the third floor.
And, of course, more distant and safer from the troubles in the streets, bombings and murders, the terrifying stuff she hears about, that have started erupting in the city.
Who can say that their street will not be the scene of such action? From the thought of that one minor instance of preferential treatment of Dada to the real cause of all the rankling is a negligible distance.
Dada, her elder brother-in-law, had been groomed to enter the family business, Charu Paper & Sons (Pvt.
Ltd), from his school days and had obediently followed the path set out for him by his father, a trajectory as natural as the cycle of seasons.
If family stories and reminiscences are to be believed, her husband, Priyo, however, had never shown any interest in the business, despite receiving the same training and indoctrination that his older brother had.
If this had once caused ructions and displeasure, they are long vanished now, or almost vanished, for it is so obvious and accepted that Adinath is going to inherit the greater share of the family wealth in all its forms – business, money, house – that it is, like the air one breathes, not noticed, not remarked upon.
After Comrade Brand sparked the oppressed majority from their apathetic slumber in late October of last year, the English-speaking world was set alight with the burning glow of torches and musical clanging of pitchforks.
Six months on, it is time we put this impassioned and ideological conflict behind us.
Let us put away our Guy Fawkes masks, turn down the Rage Against the Machine and wash our Che Guevara t-shirts in the name of progress.
As well as the ten or so million people who viewed the clip, I was initially taken in by it.
But after a second view I felt a strong sense of je ne sais what the fuck.
I so badly wanted him to spark this revolution, wake me up from some hidden apathy and give me the answers to questions I didn’t even know I had.
I found myself falling headfirst into the empty chasm that was the underlying substance of his message.
There was sentiment no doubt, perhaps even passion, but in one of the grandest (and possibly most insensitive) abuses of the word “revolution”, that’s all there was.
Emotive sound bites that could be easily digested and shit out just as easily all over the Facebook walls of millions.
Boredom has become the primary complaint of the people.
But, like so many other things we care about, we don’t want to put the time in.
We enjoy the emotions that Russell Brand stirs in us, he’s exciting, he’s articulate and he has sex with lots of women.
On the contrary, politicians are dry and generally inarticulate, although they do seem hell bent on fucking the lot of us.
We don’t want to listen to politicians debating on the radio we want to hear Zach de la Rocha being naughty and yelling “fuck you I wont do what you tell me” at the top of his lungs on live BBC radio after being told not to.
